If you aren't aware of what
you satanic live has found over the last three days you've been sleeping under a rock
make sure you figure it out cuz it's about to get ugly
love what Mark is doing I love it
you schedule wait until you see where we're going
French British Italian this is over Japanese television it's all over but
listen to him it's embarrassing it's all over but the crying ladies and
gentlemen kids deserve a lot of credit this town's been flooded with phony
twenties for weeks oh it was nothing really but oh mr. Pietro posing as a
doorman sure had us fooled for a while he really gave himself away when he put
on his little puppet show for us the real hero a Scooby-Doo and by the way
where is he oh no look at him like I said before what a ham
oh my goodness good afternoon ladies and gentlemen I am so happy to be here
today it is October 19th 2023 took a three hour nap this afternoon with a
fever and I feel a little better after a shower and I'm here with my friend
Joseph Lee and in a few minutes we're gonna rip this in half like a loaf of
bread in our hands we're gonna rip this in half we're gonna spread the truth
around a little bit share some sandwiches because it's really time they have been
misleading the young about immunology and misleading the young about pandemic
potential about climate change and about antibodies for too long it's time we
learned our history before they erase it to ever remember I hope it's not too
choppy hopefully it's just getting started here ladies and gentlemen
I'm gonna get a sound check in here in a second I will get Joel right away on
screen because you don't need to waste a lot of time
there was no spread in New York City that we can detect infectious clones are
the only dangerous form of RNA placebo batches were used and transfections
dump and the protocols were definitely a murder gain a function it's definitely
a mythology and the Scooby-Doo mystery that we've been fooled into solving is
still ongoing because these players are committed to the lies and they've ruined
a lot of people's lives with these lies Joseph Lee is somebody who put his neck
out there real early in 2020 and everybody ignored him even though his
biology's turned out to be a hundred percent correct and then some in fact I
think that Joseph Lee honed in on some of the best fundamental biology with
regard to antibodies and antibodies turned out to be the central story of
this whole bamboozlement good evening ladies and gentlemen this is Giga on
biological high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a
biologist I'm sick I can barely catch my breath I think it's so important that
we talk about this while we can that I'm doing it now anyway and because I
don't want to waste any chance to talk to Joseph just running quick don't take
debate on social media we've been fooled into solving this mystery people are
writing books about it and it doesn't matter what's true it matters what
people think is true and so if everybody believes there's a gain of function
virus that got leaked out 20 in 2020 it doesn't really matter what the truth
is and that's especially true for our children it's especially true for
non-biologist people that don't have the time to catch up and so a short way of
telling them is the transaction is an immunization a longer way of telling
them is an intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the
intent of augmenting your immune system in general is dumb especially for a
respiratory virus and it's this illusion of consensus that has been
created by these people on social media that has led us to believe that this is
the case and it is this illusion of consensus I'm trying to break through
by analyzing very carefully where everybody stood in 2020 and in 2020 my
next guest for today showed up pretty darn early in 2020 with some pretty darn
fundamental immunology fundamental biology which he wrote up and disseminated
it was ignored that guy is this fella I'm gonna bring over here on this on the
screen now with my magic movement of zoom here if I can get it up on the no
now what I do sorry Joe I just lost my mouse here or something like that I
don't know what happened I gotta get up a little higher what oh yeah there we go
shoot there he is you're not unmuted though I don't think did I mute you or
unmute you or what did I do there we go so it's been a while sir have you
made any progress with teaching this basic biology to everyone or is it just
more of the same more of the same more of the same with it with a
so I don't know where you want to start you should start where you want to start
and I'll listen cuz my voice is trash so well I guess so I'll be getting so
well the real beginning of your sound is really rough okay that might be a
little better yeah maybe you're directional mic so the issue was
anyway I realized relative to how
and that's because you know when you say a rhino virus
so that's why well I know
holy shit this is really bad you gotta log out and log in again it's too bad
happens if you just go out and come back in
darn is that annoying anyway he's coming back let's see if this works
well I hear when you start talking let's see if you try it again so basically
when you get a cold a rhino virus infected cells it replicates and then it
affects other cells so why is it people should have to tell and that's another
cell why would that cycle ever stop I don't think if you understand why that
cycle stop but maybe that's why everything now clearly there are times
where I get a cold and I'm down for three four days then I'm over it and there
were there wasn't coming for antibodies to build up so I figured can't be
antibody so I said let me think this through and try to figure it out so if
I pretend to be a cell and the virus instead one of myself and then the
virus replicates so as soon as the virus infects the cell and that RNA
inside the cell is the enemy I have to destroy it so that viral RNA or the
enemy I must destroy it in this pandemic not one scientist at a theory on how we
actually defeated the virus I mean there's all this talk about antibody but in the
year 2020 what a million of us and 99% of us survived and no one
explained that the biggest gap in our understanding so if you acknowledge that
once the COVID virus it's the enemy and what should we do with the enemy we
should destroy it what else can we do that viral RNA we shouldn't
absolutely help it and it wants to become protein so we cannot actually
help it what's the third thing we can do we can tell all of the other ones I
want to fight it so when I went back to my desk with this up all the answers
one what this voice RNA ribonucleus environment well viral RNA inside our
lung cells is RNA now just because something is different
something different on paper does that mean that people should I'm not
absolutely not so viral RNA is a strand of inflammation it doesn't look much
different from our expand of RNA but it's they're all just information and if
our ribonucleus enzymes in this way are on why wouldn't it be within the
viral RNA it's that so when I think a lot of this out I told my mentor the
direct of our project this was the May of 2020 he was shocked it's all I'd be
going to talk home I didn't know what it meant like this we kept in touch with
their actions October of 2020 I sent my first word about my plane look our
lungs for an air pocket our body is 70% water this walk if our lungs barrier
can keep water molecules out of our lungs water molecules are clean they
weigh 18 dollars COVID antibodies weigh a hundred twenty five thousand dollars
there's no way so I sent this letter to every member of Congress I sent just
about the email to our people on the email and so eventually Dr. Emily
was right under Dr. Frosty be quiet we're having about a month later and he
tried to basically dismiss my concern and he said well our clinical data looks
really good and I replied with the seventy three people I mean every point
point you have other incredible data you think their vaccines work because of a
neutralizing antibodies in the lung air space that sounds the virus before the
virus that's a lung cell now you really believe that but I still use that
antibody has no viable path to the lung surgery it's waiting to death if a
watermark do it to the baseball a COVID antibody it looks like it's a car
on so there's no password once I explained this I thought it would end
they never respond to that one I put a US clock right on and must have sent that
word it's thousands of people in my CDC FCO when I would call the CDC director
it was it was crazy you know I'm not small just by three by itself and a
very nice and polite and it doesn't take me very long to send it 50 I think blood
brain barrier you understand blood blood lung barrier it's tight enough to
stop our lungs from filling up with water and you think that's called dance
when the answer by the boss it's a mistake and you you copied the flu
vaccine you assumed that the flu vaccine worked and you copied the flu
vaccine because there was nothing else to do that but we're trying to get
medically and what's similar well flu and what do we ask for that the flu
vaccine from things that don't work we're just saying inside let's make the
coin really bad before the same thing about it except the flu vaccine had the
same flow it never worked for you to never work to see you have that knee
blazing antibody but they thought it did and no one knows about question that
why they had a built-in speech but what they're saying changed on it how can
you blame hard-working fire when they have a very very busy you have to say
okay try our next year that was to believe it wasn't the reason why the
flu vaccine was actually horrible results you look up from with the PS1
it didn't work because the antibody never makes me so long
and that's the same for the code that they have now when we see the director
for the story talk the FDA talks to hundreds of people email back and four
or five people sales and my own I remember the media director of your
he sat there looking to make a point for me and I said you get in front of
this because there's nothing you actually did wrong with now what I'm
dependent on all the issues but so far so that you know now if you keep wanting
to sell this this might be approved I can approve when there is not a single
scientist at the FDA explain how the car can antibody cross your own area
long fix that you should have you should have a warning label on every
vaccine that's not a single FDA scientist understand how this again from
antibody cross the one better okay so the FDA with you need to hung up on the
application right now so it was incredible to remember people who wouldn't do the
right thing so going back to the antibody it can't cross one barrier there is you
know is there one second is there any chance you have like headphones with a
mic or any other microphone I'm gonna summarize what you said now while you
look hold on so what he started with was the cycle of infection and he started
with the explanation that the cycle of infection infects one cell and the
virus replicates and releases virus and other cells are infected so if you do
this cartoon in your head what's to stop this infection from ever stopping
why wouldn't it just keep infecting more cells and more cells and more cells the
reason why it doesn't is because of innate immunity and the reason why the
vast majority of us clear it with four days is because something else happens
and antibodies aren't produced in four days and so he started to think what is
really going on here and he realized with again very basic biological
thinking that the RNA is the enemy of the cell the RNA gets in the cell and
does the damage the RNA needs to make proteins the RNA needs to make copies
of itself so let's not help but do that let's start autophagy let's let's work
with RNA RNA enzymes to get rid of this RNA like we would get rid of any other
RNA that we don't need anymore or is for it and perhaps the most important
discovery or realization oh my gosh that's so much better what did you do I have
another mic oh gosh that's fantastic oh my gosh that's great and so then he gets
to the stage where he realizes that a hundred twenty thousand kilo Dalton
antibody has no chance of getting across the lung blood barrier on its own and
if you look into the way that the immune system functions the only way that a
B cell can get to that side of the lungs is with the help of a T cell and that's
also requires a lot of link recognition that wouldn't happen under the pretense
of a transfection to a single spike protein so that's probably more than we
need to talk about there but he ended with saying that the flu vaccine is
another similar misaimed therapeutic in the sense of trying to generate
seroprevalent antibodies for something that is on the outside of your mucosal
layer and the outside of your epithelial cells with no real means of that
protein getting there you're essentially telling stories about how the flu
vaccine will save old people when in reality it won't and so that's where he
left off that's where we are right here and that's indeed basically what he
said the last time he was here so now we can get into the new stuff I love your
new mic yeah so a couple more things you know when when I wrote the 73 page letter
I told Dr. Belling look you gotta really think about this carefully because I'm
not saying that you guys are all liars you did the clinical trial and you got
great results but you thought those great results were because of the antibody
inside the lung airspace I show you there's no way that can happen so then
why did you get good results because I don't think you guys you guys are
lying okay so we need to find another reason because science is always about
how does it work well you thought it worked via a neutralizing antibody it
clearly works because you're not all liars so how did it work okay so the
COVID vaccine when you get it gives you muscle aches why because it tricks
your body into making chemokines including interferon the very well
known fact in every review study they say this okay so interferon is
antiviral including anti-covid it's antiviral in a million papers so if
your side effect is a reason why your vaccine had such great results look look
at the scenario the J&J vaccine had 50% efficacy oh you only trick your body
one time into making interferon AstraZeneca had a 75 to 80% success well
because it's it's two shots two times you trick your body into making interferon
now the mRNA is a very strong adjuvant it may it tricks your body to making a
lot of interferon but then it becomes COVID spike antigen and that tricks your
body again it's like getting a second shot so twice you trick your body but
remember they they started with it with two two shots the main one in the
booster so you get the booster the mRNA again tricks your body into making
interferon and then the booster becomes at so four times you trick your body
into making interferon in a five or six month study so why did you get great
results you got great results because of the side effect of the vaccine which
meant that the vaccine was acting as a pro drug which means that it's a
medicine which means that in science we don't give medicines when somebody
doesn't have the disease because the risk-benefit ratio never works out now I
explained all this to them in 73 pages in February of 2021 so I was far
advanced because you have to think like a scientist you have to explain how
things work if you don't know how something works you can't just say we
have great data because rain dancers had amazing data but you're the rain
dance then it rains they had a hundred percent efficacy so data is meaningless
in science without a hypothesis starts with the hypotheses if you don't have a
hypotheses your science is infinitely weaker than my science if I have less
data but a better hypotheses my science is better that's just the way science
works so when I explain all this to me of course it made complete sense I knew
it was important and I try to get it out to everyone no one would listen the
everyone was scared I don't I don't know if they were scared or if they were all
in on it or if they were all had an incredible number of stock options in
Moderna and Pfizer and they all were just waiting to make money I have no idea but
I know the FDA was behaving in a very corrupt manner and you know I got all
this to their even their chief legal counsel so I had back and forth back and
forth with so many people they are on the hook now the prep act says if
organization the prep act gives organizations working with vaccines
legal immunity but there is an exception that will form its conduct now they're
all open for potential lawsuits because you you may negated your legal
immunity by Wolf Ole Miss conduct and clearly people have severe side effects
okay so that was all that holding now see if anyone wants to say well the
antibody was really important I the ultimate argument is look at 2020 how
many people in the year 2020 had a COVID-19 antibody there's only two ways
to get it the illness or the vaccine the vaccine didn't exist in 20 way so it
was the illness but no one had it so then no one had a COVID-19 antibody and yet
20 million of us got it look at Tom Hanks seven years of no training of any
kind for COVID-19 he gets it and shakes off in seven to ten days like a
bad cold the COVID vaccine supposedly is amazing but that amazing training is
all gone in one year and you'd be retrained meaning any argument for an
antibody my ultimate argument back to them is the COVID-19 antibody didn't
exist in the year 2020 and yet how do we heal so ribonuclease enzymes I have a
five million one million five million ten dollar bet this is what I say in the
year 2020 the RNase enzyme destroyed more viral COVID viral mRNA within our
lung cells than any other molecule and no one will take me up on the bed see in
science you have to have my hypotheses we did heal 20 million of us
19 million of us healed under 45 99.9% of us healed how did we heal because see
I'm a surgeon and if my assistant is brand new and she doesn't know what I'm
doing she's not very helpful she doesn't know what my goals are she
doesn't know what my next step is if she just keeps handing me a scalpel she's
not very helpful now if I have an assistant who's done thousands of cases
with me they anticipate my next move they know what I'm gonna do next and
they're very useful and they help me a lot so if you don't know what the human
body did to help us overcome COVID in the year 2020 and it didn't use a
COVID antibody if you don't know what it did you can't say you're helping it and
for absolute certainty the human body did not use a COVID-19 antibody which did
not exist so RNase so my hypotheses is that the viral RNA inside our lung cells
in the year 2020 that was the enemy and RNase is amazingly efficient at
destroying RNA and RNase can destroy our RNA can destroy viral RNA can destroy
vaccine RNA it's just sheets of paper it really doesn't matter what you print on
it you can print the Empire State Building design on a piece of paper and
the paper structure can handle it so RNA viral RNA is just like that it's just
long strands of information GCAU and you can handle that but the RNase can
handle that now the RNase is incredibly efficient and it destroys it's very
very powerful and efficient at destroying RNA so it has an inhibitor bound to it
because we would never be able to grow we our cells could never replicate and
divide if the cells weren't growing well if you don't have our RNA and we're not
making protein we can't grow so RNase has to be inhibited so it has a very
strong inhibitor on there that's the most tightly bound two molecules that we
know in nature in biological chemistry there's no molecule that is better
studied than the RNase enzyme that's how well it's been studied there are
thousands of papers on it we also know that the inhibitor comes off when it's
oxidized so see in our evolution there were times when we didn't have food for
days even weeks we didn't just die imagine if I live a hundred thousand
years ago and my buddy gets a thousand calories for the we don't have a lot of
food I have a thousand calories we don't have a lot of food he uses half his food
to grow his cells and the other half to move and find food I don't grow it all
I use her thousand calories I use a hundred percent to move so I can find
food who's going to win I will win because I like to say that I will win
because I'm using all my calories to move and I'm controlling my growth so we
have an amazingly efficient way to tell ourselves you better not grow when there
aren't resources 70% of a dry weight of a cell is protein if you don't have
mRNA you can't make protein your cell will not undergo mitosis so that
identical system that we've evolved with and we've had since we were that
primordial one cell that came out of that ooze bacteria do it every DNA cell
on earth controls its growth because when there aren't resources you should
control your growth and you know ourselves when we're hungry they don't
just start hoarding glucose because the brain needs glucose they don't just try
to quickly grow they don't do that what they do is that they all uniformly say
let's all slow down because that's the only way this organism will survive and
the master way we control our growth is to stop protein production there's
many ways to do this there's short-term ways long-term ways all sorts of
enzymes and inhibitors but reduced eliminate RNA is an amazing way and that
kicks in and so this is what I found when you're fasting your reactive oxygen
substrates go up it's like a wisdom too much wood not enough air less wood more
air inside ourselves less glucose you have more oxygen more oxygen
substrates oxidized the inhibitor the inhibitor comes off and it's right there
on the ready it doesn't take a month to get peak values like the antibody oh
you're you know you're sick with the virus you're gonna wait a month for the
stupid antibody to show up our RNA's are right there on the ready all you
have to do stop eating your pizza so it felt you ever get sick send him a pizza
everyone send him a pizza encourage him to eat find his favorite pizza give it to
him because it'll kill him I'm not proposing violence I'm just saying that
they always want peer-reviewed studies from me well near England General
medicine chief editor was arguing with me non-stop who's going to publish anything
I have to say so here's my here's my here's my here's my retrospective clinical
trial a trillion mammals in the past million years whenever they get sick the
young ones they get fussy and they don't eat and if you're a parent you know this
to be true and if you're an animal lover you know your dog does the same thing
but humans we really got fussy with our food we make amazing food we didn't
have this a hundred thousand years ago evolution can't catch up that quickly
it can't say oh I think I'm going to anticipate this amazing spaghetti
factory and I'm going to make this desire not to even stronger it can't do
that but our toddlers all listen to their body and look at who was really sick who
was really sick during the pandemic the obese why were women less sick because
they were often dieting if you're dieting you have more active RNA
enzymes and you're you could more quickly activate those than somebody
who's been eating a lot because when there's all these resources in your body
you can't trick yourselves I'm saying there's no glucose when they see glucose
floating all around them you have three big meals and you catch COVID you're
more likely to die and this also explains the elderly so my theory on
why the elderly are at increased risk of death obviously their lung lung function
is diminished but it's not diminished by 80% so why are the elderly at higher risk
because they're dramatically at high risk well you know I was explaining RNA RNA
is incredibly simply recycled it's just a strip it's like paper you recycle it
perfectly inside the cell there's no leftover RNA oh we haven't been able to
get this one proteins are different every protein looks different and the
process of recycling proteins is a lot more complicated inside is efficient so
you're going to have defunct proteins and they're just floating around in the
cell as you get older and they all have oxidizable groups so when you stop
eating it takes a lot longer for the right one nucleus inhibitor to be
oxidized because you can get through all the other proteins first there's a big
buffer in there so that's why when you're when you're older you should never eat
two big meals you should always have small meals because you want to be
ready to be able to fast when you get a sore throat now if you've had you know
if you've been quarantined for three days and then you get exposed to COVID you
may very well die so see how my current paradigm explains a lot more than
their stupid antibody I can't believe I have to explain this over and over
scientists the COVID antibody wasn't even there in the year 2020 shows up a
month late they say well get through via trans cytosis trans cytosis every
study they ever done on trans cytosis it's a lab model you know you look at the
alveolus the capillary the size of the capillary there's 7,000 nanometer
diameter red blood cells zipping around the alveolus and the antibodies 10
nanometers and it's gonna stick to the sidewall and not get bumped off by these
zipping anti red blood cells they're dreaming trans cytosis in some
trans well model in the lab BS okay it's just a diagram little thing trans cytosis
is almost always referred to in reverse from the lung airspace back into the
bloodstream and it's a little bit more quiet on the other side is it possible
yes I don't believe it because clearly we make antibodies so easily why do we
have to recycle a few that are left and you it's just they're everything about
the vaccines and antibodies and viruses the reason why I was able to find so
many things they're wrong about their basic premise anti-plies aren't useful
against in our fight against viruses what why am I single-handedly able to find
so much crap because their whole premise is wrong you know you go back to
Edward Jenner the first immunization he gave them the little boy cowpox and
then a couple months later he gave the voice smallpox and he said wow the
kids okay I don't know what stupid parent agreed to that but the cowpox and
smallpox sound the same but we all know immunize if you're immune to cowpox
you're not immune smallpox the viruses on the surface are completely utterly
different so Edward Jenner had an end of one that was only only patient I ever
have heard of that somebody thought an immunologist thought this person is
immune well how do you really know if this person is immune you give them the
virus okay this person is immune to smallpox you can give them the virus
they've never done it again that I know of in a clinical trial why because
clearly that is unethical okay that's your limitation though so science just
because it's an ethical doesn't mean you can automatically assume the other part
of the site is correct so that being unethical an end of one where they've
actually inoculated a person with a virus that supposedly they were immune to
end of one and look how easily I destroyed that cowpox smallpox I'm not
thinking he wasn't even immune he could have lied you know if somebody says oh
right I've achieved fusion in the lab how many people try to debunk him and it
was never repeated that end of one and they ran with it and they used it and
they forever said look vaccination works this person's immune okay have you ever
seen smallpox have you ever seen the horrible agents if you're a 20 year
woman and you get smallpox that might be the end of your life you may never
have children never get married because your perfect skin now it's just a mess
deep craters during the learning the August it's horrible you've got a huge
elevated red thing that you just look in the mirror and you just want to kill
yourself and then after the scars are forever all over and you think this
person is going to ever get near another smallpox patient I can
the memory is in the brain so how did they how did they can believe that this
person who had smallpox had lifelong immunity well the lifelong memory is in
the brain and that person is never going to get near another smallpox
patient again and we all know that smallpox is not nearly as transmissible as
COVID you have to have significantly more face-to-face time to get smallpox
than to get COVID so that person's not gonna stay near that for a patient he's
gonna run five miles away that's where the memory is and then they want to say
okay so how come you have antibodies then look hepatitis B we we have
antibodies that doesn't mean we have immunity to it it usually means we have
hepatitis B HIV we have antibodies to HIV that doesn't mean at all that we're
immune to HIV that just means we're sick isn't it very possible that smallpox
some of the DNA genes stayed in some cell and those cells keep producing the
surface antigen but aren't capable of producing the complete virus that's what
happens with hepatitis B the liver cells create infinitely more
hepatitis B surface antigen than an intact virus we actually measure how
somebody's doing by how much hepatitis B surface antigen they they produce their
blood so why can't another virus also only produce their surface antigen then
you would form antibodies okay see I have another perfectly excellent theory
hypotheses on why smallpox antibodies are there ten years later it is not for
everyone very few people but every time you read their papers they're always
talking about lifelong immunity and they point to the antibody as proof I point
to the brain that woman's brain is never gonna get near to smallpox patients but
everything that these people did they had what I call a false positive in size
you want to connect the cause to the effect you know a person with smallpox
never get smallpox again that's a good effect they thought it was the antibody
maybe it was just the brain that can go on and on about this so you have to
redirect me because you know I'll go too deep people understand what I'm saying
well let me just reflect on the smallpox thing for a second so Jenner did have
the example of milkmaids who supposedly didn't get correct and that was
what he what he was thinking up the the other thing to notice there is that
variolation for smallpox was done at the barrier of the skin which I would
argue is not such a bad way to try to augment the immune system if you're
gonna do it you should at least do it at a barrier so they weren't injecting
intramuscularly so if they were able to build some immunity with that type of
immunization it would have been because they were augmenting the immune system
at the barrier that it works at rather than trying to inject intramuscularly
which is what we do now so I like the idea of the production of antibodies
equaling the the health status of the animal I also like what you said about
the fact that during a hepatitis infection we're looking at surface
antigen expression as indication of infection there's a few other examples
of where antibodies are tuned specifically to toxins in circulation don't we make
antibodies to the tuberculosis talk tetanus toxin excuse me and so I'm just
wondering I think you've proven beyond a shadow of adult that we have that we
have been bamboozled into believing that antibodies are the primary way that we
defend our body and that's I mean you said this last time you said that
antibodies were tagged and what I am saying is this humans are smartest
humans have never made a medication against the bacteria that works against
the virus because they're utterly different enemies we don't call our
police for rats so if in fact the antibody is very useful against
extracellular pathogens like bacteria why would it work against the virus now
see this is a scenario I'm painting antibodies are very useful against bacteria
so it ramps up antibodies wrap up kind of like the way bacteria ramps up in
our body a few weeks evolution doesn't get things this wrong viruses in two
three days you can be once all a virus and die so everyone knows you get
exposed to a virus at a party and so my sick and a couple days later you're
feeling sick the rate of replication for virus is so extremely ridiculously
crazy that if they were really necessary evolution would have figured it out and
got it correct so a B lymphocyte is faced with an enemy a pathogen comes
towards it this B lymphocyte is not going to try to figure out if it's a
bacteria or a virus it's just gonna pump out antibodies because it's very
useful against bacteria how do you know it's useful against a virus now if you
can imagine a scenario where this B lymphocyte figures out what is a virus
and what is a bacteria and it was an easy way to do it this bacteria this B
lymphocyte does make antibodies which they got it guys guys I have this new
mechanism you're a bacteria so I'm gonna keep make antibodies lots of them but
your virus so I can just rest but there is no way to do that we can barely do
that with our labs and this one little cell is you're never going to figure
out a way for this one cell to figure that out and if you can't imagine a
scenario evolution can't do it so this is every antibody that we have in our
body are you going to automatically assume it's good because we do have
antibodies against our joints does anyone think that's good no that's
rheumatoid arthritis so we do have antibodies against the strep
bacteria and those antibodies cause rheumatic fever because it bound to the
heart valve and destroyed it and that one single antibody was a number one
killer for children under the age of 20 in the early 19th century so you can't
assume just because you found an antibody that is helpful at all you can't assume
that but that's the assumption they made look you get a patient with HIV you have
antibodies to it why didn't it help them oh because it's a really serious virus
oh so the antibodies only work against the really easy viruses that we handle
really easily are you sure then it's not a false positive it's a false positive
because you know when I think the way I think is I always take things to the
extreme and in the process of taking things to extreme the picture becomes
more clear so one of the ways I do it is okay here's a five kilogram bone the
six kilogram ball and it's going down a slant in kind of 30 degrees 10 feet
which ball gets to the bottom faster and what I do in my mind is this I make the
bigger ball six kilogram I make it a thousand kilograms and I make the five
kilogram of the small one I make it a BB what happens when you let a BB go you
can start zipping down what happens when you let this thousand kilogram
ball that's 50 feet wide what happens when you release it you know it's not
gonna start going there's inertia and immediately I have the answer I don't
even have to do math now if the incline is 10 miles long the big one will win the
BB has a maximum speed of four miles per hour and the big one get the maximum
speed of 200 miles per hour so if it's a long incline the big one will win but
see it's always good to stretch out the question because when you stretch out
the question the answer manifests so let's take two scenarios a person that
has no ribonucleus enzymes and no method to destroy the viruses like
the cell and a person who has no covid antibodies and no way to block the
virus from getting inside the cell I have two extreme scenarios oh but I don't
even need a hypothetical for this one Tom Hanks had no covid antibodies and no
training of any kind for seven years for any kind of covid virus covid 19
virus and he got better in 10 days perfect example the other side plenty
of antibodies but nothing inside the cell to destroy the viral RNA now each
infected cell so you've got an occupation dose of 100 viruses the
antibodies are really good they blocked 99 percent one gets in 99 percent is
amazing kill rate one gets in no way to destroy it once it got in now there's
50,000 copies those 50,000 all come out and you're again really good you blocked
99 percent well you have 500 now you started with 100 now you have 500 you
can do the math and it gets explosive so you see when you take things to the
extreme everything starts to clear up in your mind to believe that an antibody
was useful we have the biggest experiment in the history of medicine 20 million
Americans got covid in the year 2020 and not a single one had a covid 19
antibody there was that's the biggest experiment all their stupid peer
reviewed papers over the past three and a half years they were using a wrong
worldview paradigm and they got all the answers wrong and you know paradigm
medicine don't occur very often there will probably be and there will probably
never be another one this big in anyone's lifetime because false positives are
what happened when you have too many false positives and you hold on to that
false positive like the rain dancers they had great data every time they did
rain dance it rained they had great data but they had no hypotheses connecting
the rain dance to the rain so that's always what happens in science whenever
you have the cause and it's too far from the effect bizarreness results like when
I press my gas pedal my car starts going in a second that's a very short
amount of time there's not room for a false positive to insert itself and take
credit for that it was my foot that pressed on the gas pedal that made my
car go but whenever the time between cause and effect is prolonged just like
rain dance to rain six months oh with a vaccine the vaccine the effect is what
first it was you and get sick then they move the goal post are you and get
severely sick now they're not even sure what to say so you don't even know what
the effect was but what you don't have any science you know oh but you did catch
one virus and so this is my thing you live on a farmhouse with a hundred
cats and you never see mice you put out one mousetrap you catch one mouse and
you're certain that that mousetrap is a reason why you don't have mice what about
the hundred cats they were eating mice hundred eight why can't it be that it is
that so this false positive with vaccines and antibodies against viruses
was extremely tricky because they actually caught they actually stuck the
antibody on the virus and it stuck but remember that happens with HIV it
happens with all sorts of viruses and stuff like this E we V and it doesn't
help you picked all the easy viruses that we had a very well and then you got
right in front of it like the rain dancers hmm and then you thought it was
you it was never you and that's why there's 20 million infected Americans in
your 20 20 that's why it's the biggest study in the history of earth because
we're 99.99% confident none of them had a COVID-19 antibody and yet they yield so
there are a couple other things you can add to this when you talk to other people
the first one is is that mice without B cells can get rid of SARS viruses that
that's been done 10 years amazing see and also there were there were patients in
Italy that had no B cells that survived COVID as well so you're right about that
the one thing that I'm I want you to take to an extreme is have you ever
measured imagine the possibility that that previous respiratory diseases have
been have been balled up into something that they're calling a novel virus but
it's actually not novel what I always do whenever they say that and this is
incredible to me how many times I forget but whenever they make that argument I
say okay but there was a first time for that person that person there was the
first time when he got a viral infection with no antibodies right because the
only way you make antibodies is with the vaccine none of existence so the only
other way is with an infection but there was a time when you got an infection
when you didn't have antibodies for that infection there was always the first
right you keep going back if you keep going back at some point okay so somebody
says that 2019 they had coronaviruses and somebody had coronavirus
like how did he get the antibody he had the infection and he had to wait a few
weeks but he resolved the infection in a week so there's always a first time
when you didn't have antibodies we still resolved right no I agree I'm just I
guess I'm getting at more the idea that what you were saying and have said be
fed in the past is that a a foreign RNA is kind of a similar target it doesn't
really matter what what type of virus it is flu virus coronavirus a rhino virus
it's a foreign RNA molecule that's trying to replicate against your will and
you have to get rid of it so my question is and I think that I'm I'm sort of here
is that I think that a lot of these mechanisms molecular mechanisms be it
natural killer cells T cells B cells antibodies I don't care what molecular
mechanism you're talking about memorizing these these insults and these
foreign signals by the time you're I don't know what by the time you're not
breastfeeding anymore my guess is that you already have a pretty good set of
cellular defenses against general RNA infection and so for me but but then how
did they get that how did they get that by an infection where they didn't have
the antibody yeah but you don't need antibodies we've already decided that
anybody's are bullshit like anybody's exactly anybody's are anybody's are a
specific flavor of candy in a box that we don't rarely we rarely open we only
open that box of candy for certain for certain parties the reason why I'm saying
you know there's two kinds of memory there's the only molecule that we know
has any kind of memory is the antibody interferon cannot be considered memory
because they're always the same thing and and then so far as the cells are
concerned the only cells that we know that have memory like this be in T T
lymphocytes because the B lymphocytes for antibodies T lymphocytes okay so
imagine the scenario there are 300 million alveoli let's estimate 10 lung
alveolar efficacy of cells per alveoli that's three billion cells
okay so the T lymphocytes have to go interview three billion cells every two
days why because once one cell is infected you're not going to kill that
cell because it has one viral mRNA strand inside okay so you don't kill it but in
two days it could be 50,000 so do you see the rest ridiculousness of thinking
that these T cells that have memory are helping us in our fight against viruses
because they would have to interview three billion cells every two days it's
just not physically possible so what I am saying is if you have some you're
wrong though right you know you're wrong there right I mean I'm not gonna try
to be a creep but when cells are infected they don't just sit there they
signal they say they don't interfere on they help with a lot more than interfere
on though they also present on MHC one the proteins that they're maybe yeah I
get all that I get all that J but what I'm saying is how do you determine this
cell that's infected it takes take care of itself and it tries to make sure it
takes care of itself and it tries to make sure that it sends signals to other
cells to fight it which is interfere on but what I'm saying is how do these
T lymphocytes interview three billion cells every two days it's not just T
lymphocytes it's also it's also natural killer cells and it's also antibodies
which can buy them all I know but all those combined that's a lot of work day
yeah but what do you think happens in your lungs what is your immune system
doing if it's not defending your your barrier that's exactly what your immune
system and why do you think I have a theory on why steroids work okay because
your white blood cells a lot of them are a problem with viral infections because
it breaches the blood lung barrier see our body is not perfect in fighting
fighting the fighting different pathogens sometimes they call in all
sorts of things we also know that with ours a key risk for the distress syndrome
it's a white blood cells that just wreaked havoc they weren't necessary
they're not necessary in our fight against viruses but why do they come in
because a lot of things are called in when there's a lot of infection or even
with the virus but are they useful they're hurtful that's why steroids work
but you know steroids paralyzed white blood cells okay so you have all these
white blood cells that's your killer cells all these cells that are running
wrong interviewing that's not all that they do right you know that there's a
whole wing of the white blood cell army that is involved in tolerance and is
actually trained in the gut so when RNAs are replicating in your lungs and
they use the mucus to get down into your gut you make T cells which are the
opposite of the T cells in your lungs I get saying this that you could paralyze
the white blood cells and you would still overcome COVID but that's just the
multi that's the multi-faceted nature of the immune system that's not saying
the T cells don't do anything otherwise otherwise I am saying a big part of the
fight Jay a big part of the fight how once the virus enters that's the big part
of the fight that's where most of the fighting occurs where the viruses are
growing and these lumbering big cells they can produce they can help by
producing signals like interferon but their only thing they can do beyond
that is decide to kill or not kill aside from producing interferon what do they
do they decide I just don't need to die this one doesn't even like but they can
only make that decision if they interview three billion cells every two days
I'm like see so the other problem here is that your your assumption is is that
every time a cell is infected it needs to be killed and that's not true no no
I'm saying the exact opposite that's what they say but I'm saying it doesn't there
the club cells in the lungs almost never die from natural education there I'm
never saying that I'm not saying that I am saying that if an infected cell is too
sick the white blood cell what can it do to the lung cells it can decide to kill
it or not kill it the other thing the white blood cells can do is produce
mediators chemokines what else can they do that's the limit of what they can do
so I am saying that most infected cells do not have to die because of our nays
enzymes destroy the RNA so the current thinking is that okay see this is a
concept of training you believe that if you've had an infection you're better
able to handle it the next time and so I again take the extreme examples Tom
Hanks at 70 had no training for 70 years to COVID-19 but that's wrong you can't
say that that that is why not that assumes that there was a novel virus those
entire epitope set was you knew that so it's wrong it's wrong hey just listen
Tom Hanks at 70 you're saying that maybe some other antibodies and some
other T cells that were trained no no I'm saying that previous previous immunity
to other RNA viruses whether it's RNases whether it's IgA but how first
recognition how what do you mean how has he been on earth or not if you're on
earth you're exposed to RNA all the time no no that's fine but how did those T cells
that have been exposed how are they gonna help now but why does it have to be T
cells whatever whatever other cells you want to say because the only molecule
that has memories antibodies but T cells have memory natural killer cells have
memory okay you're taller cells white blood cells macrophages T cells
ventricular cells all of those how did they help Tom Hanks well how would I know
that there it's a concert it's a concert of the immune system that you are
discarding by saying it's one thing day interferon helps tremendously and
these cells produce interferon and that's how they help look at look at a six
month old baby never faced the enemy didn't have a mom who had COVID didn't
have a mom who had a coronavirus the past two years okay that baby gets
COVID and wipes out 10 billion viruses from his body in a week having never
faced the enemy so see this training concept is we're we're stuck on right
now and what I'm saying is why are we so certain that training is necessary if
you see a one-year-old baby ride a bike and juggling is your next thought I
need to train this baby to ride a bike that shouldn't be your next thought but
the baby did something incredibly more amazing than that it wiped out 10
billion viruses from his body and having never had anything similar that it had
ever faced it knew what to do so why would you assume that training is
necessary it's not I'm fine I'm fine with that argument okay I'm fine with the
argument if there's no training but I'm not fine with the argument that now all
of the no no I'm not saying nothing useful I am saying I agree with you I'm
not saying it's all useless but I am saying training is not necessary but
training is not necessary because the immune system is not seeing an RNA
virus for the first time ever no and this six month all it is
and you've been sitting in the six-month-old yeah I'm not I'm not really I'm not
really I'm not really I wasn't really ready to argue this but the immune system
of a six-month-old is much much much different than the immune system of a
14-year-old kid but but it handled the coronavirus yeah but it handles it
differently and you must know that I would disagree that evolution if it
handles it that efficiently you're saying evolution I mean are you are you
honestly telling me that you think kids don't have symptoms almost their whole
life for two years because my children were sniffly on and on just but that's
not what I said but then they're having replication they're not clearing the
virus in a day well maybe they don't clear it in a month lots of kids you're
taking big statements here that don't need to be made I know I'm not they do
clear the virus having never measured how do we measure that with PCR I mean
we're talking about viruses as if all the viral stories they tell us are real and
they're not but you say you can't what we're stuck on here today is we're stuck
on training you still feel that they have to have some kind of training do better
I don't think so I'm trying to tell you that what little what little
biological studies that I can believe from the literature that are done in
animals where they remove T cells the animals die when they remove B cells the
animals don't die and that's a pretty big observation because T cells produce
interferon okay then T cells produce interferon fine that's great so what
a cytotoxic T cells do nothing just for cancer only bacteria extracellular
pathogens and extracellular but extracellular pathogens are almost never
there though why would we have a toxic T cell no no no what do you mean we we we
we lived in mock that's how we evolved bacteria infections were quite
rapid cytotoxic T cells are primarily involved in clearing and maintain maintain
no no we bacteria was a huge issue for us we have bacteria inside us at all
times E. coli and we build wonderful immune tolerance to their proteins Joe
and that's and we destroy them when they're in our bloods that's learning hey no
that's why we go septic when we get certain enzymes or certain bacteria in
there because our immune system doesn't fight it we do not tolerate E. coli in
our bloodstream J we destroy it I'm sorry but I think you're wrong about the
fact that the E. coli that's in your gut is tolerated by the immune system in
your gut and there is a potential for that to go wrong J gut and bloodstream
are very different we do not tolerate bacteria in our bloodstream not in the
bloodstream no not very well but the point is is that if your gut bacteria
gets into your bloodstream your body doesn't clear it as rapidly as it would
bacteria that gets through your skin because you have tolerance to it no no
we don't yes you do that's why we have regulatory T cells we make tolerance it's
also learning you have to know that they I think you're completely wrong about
this because you know every lung cell has TLR4 receptors also TLR4 is
specifically for LPS LPS is the major part of the gram negative bacteria cell
wall and when that TLR4 receptors activated a whole cascade of the
events occurs to destroy that E. coli I I'm not saying that the that the
bacteria is tolerated to the point where they can live there I'm trying to
argue what I'm saying is there's a lot of things in our system that we use to
fight extracellular pathogens like bacteria which were a huge issue for us
we had we face E. coli if E. coli gets into a bloodstream and spreads were dead
that's true we have it we have a very amazing efficient system and we we take
care of it as quickly as we can because E. coli is such a threat because we
actually need the bacteria in our gut but we don't need it in our bloodstream
and we do not tolerate it in our body we tolerate on in the intestines which are
not in technically inside our body what about in the payers patches and what
about when the bacteria is drawn into the payers patches like every night when you
go to sleep what does that mean the payers patches or what see that's what I'm
talking about if you don't know how the gut by immunology works then why are you
arguing with me so vociferously about the fact that we make immune tolerant
memory to things in our gut because great inside our gut is very different
from whence they breach the barrier okay you think the skin right the skin is a
barrier or gut if you're it's a very very technically a gut is a very
special barrier where everything that comes into ourselves that is that is
not soluble in water has to go through what Jay what does it have to go
through this I'm not going to argue this with it has to go through it has to go
through the limb it has to go inside the gut inside the gut is not the same thing
but can you can you can you least listen to this the the explanation that I'm
trying to give you the T cells in the gut interact with the T cells in the rest
of the body and so if the T cells in the lungs ramp up in immune response they
need to be turned off by T cells in the gut that is known because the tolerant
T cells dysregulate down regulate cells that are up regulating the the
response at the infection this is how it works I'm sorry there's 20 years of
literature about how the gut T cells down I'm not going to disagree with
everything you say here Jay but I'm going to tell you flat out that whatever
you're using this word tolerance and you're getting it confused because tolerance
inside the bloodstream and tolerance inside the gut is completely different
issue completely utterly different it's not though let me explain why because the
tolerance movement okay the tolerance is at the passage the T cells can stop
things the the payer's patches can stop things from entering the lymph and so
you need to build tolerance tonight if an E. coli how's this let's just get to
the bottom this and I'll stop discuss this further if an E. coli gets into our
bloodstream I don't think there's any tolerance for that no I agree with you
that's all I'm saying I agree with you completely that there's tolerance inside
the mucosa of the back of the intestine the wall of the that's just like our
skin but on the inside you know how we build food allergies is the same way the
payer's patches tolerance is dysregulated you know that right you have to
know that you're a doctor and you know what allergies are so how can you argue
with me here I don't get it at one point the tolerance is not inside the blood
stream E. coli inside the tolerance is the T cells Joseph and wherever the T cells
are they mitigate the tolerance no I am saying is if you have E. coli inside the
bloodstream there is no tolerance we're gonna try to kill us that's what I'm
saying what I'm trying to say to you is the reason why we don't kill the T cells
in the payers patches because there are T cells there to make sure that we don't
or sorry we don't kill the bacteria I'm sorry I said it wrong we don't kill the
bacteria in the payers patches because the T cells tolerate them there it's
known Joe so you're not really arguing with me but you're ignoring the
fact that there's a lot I never say anything different immunity and learning
occurs on multiple fronts in the body that's reason why you only get measles
once I don't agree with that either okay I guess you got to do a better
immunology lecture then because what you've been lecturing to me thus far okay
is a lot of hand waving yeah you can't just say T cells don't do anything let's
let's slow slow down you're getting a really upset with me but you think that
it measles there's training and that they don't get it again I I say there are
other potential hypotheses to explain that I'm fine with that too yeah yeah
so that that's what I'm saying I'm saying for most viruses we're not trained
like that we take a very general approach
you seem very convinced that there are lots of viruses and that viruses make
billions of copies of themselves and you're not really attacking that part of
the narrative either which is kind of frustrating because I think you're
aware that the vast majority of the people that died of COVID didn't really
die of COVID I think you're aware that the PCR doesn't really identify anything
and so it's weird that we spent the whole hour now talking about COVID
infection when I start the stream with the fact that there's no evidence of
spread not in New York in New York there's no evidence of spread there were
10,000 people killed in three weeks and then it stopped and there were no excess
deaths for the next two years until they rolled out the shots so why wasn't
they're spreading RNA I'm not sure what you're saying I'm saying the 10,000
people died in March of 2020 in New York City and then they stopped dying very
possible yes and it's not because of RNase it's because they started
treating people with antibiotics and they stopped ventilating people and they
started using remdesivir to kill them instead and so everybody that's died of
COVID has actually been treated poorly like you said and actually the evidence
that we have for an actual novel RNA virus is zero and you said it yourself
what evidence is there if 70 year old man like Tom Hanks can fight it off must
not have been very novel so your argument is so your argument is is that it was
novel but but we don't but we didn't care because we fight these off the same
way all the time anyway well I've known about coronavirus forever the common
cold a lot of common colds are caused by coronavirus I didn't never say it was
novel I mean but it has to be right because you said that nobody had Tom
Hanks hadn't seen it before he had no memory his whole 70 years never had it
and you said that memory is not made so then how do you fight it so what somebody
gets COVID and they have this somebody gets a vaccine well you know what I'm
not gonna do this with you because for some reason you're not really happy
the way I'm talking about this I don't know what it is I think it's because
you're really it feels very much like you're you're pushing the idea that there
was a novel virus that it's still there that it was different and so well but
it's slightly different why why is that so unusual I mean I know coronaviruses
are the common cold I think one third was was caused by coronaviruses so why
would I say that every coronavirus is novel I wouldn't say that but then why
would we need to learn something new to fight this one right I didn't say that
either no no I know that you said the up you said that we didn't need to learn
anything to fight this right I guess I asked you earlier to take it to the
extreme and then we kind of didn't take it to the extreme so if if we take it to
the extreme if the CDC told doctors like you that there's a new virus and you
can't use antibiotics to treat it even if you get pneumonia it's viral and so
it won't work for it and you should give people remdesivir and ventilate them
instead I don't agree with that but do you think that that would explain the
million people that died in America it could and so in that case then there's
no novel spread and so we're talking almost better not I mean what is new to
some people isn't need to other people I don't even know what the argument is
of all year today well the argument about it is is that you and I have been
trying to open the possibility space so that people can understand that a novel
RNA molecule released in Wuhan is not responsible for what we experienced and
at least that's what I'm trying to do because I feel as though they've lied to
us about this idea that if I had a special RNA molecule and I spilled it on
the floor in my in my garage eventually it would cover the planet and part of
that story is this idea that all of us were vulnerable in 2020 because we've
never agreed with you Jay that I agree with you if there was some kind of higher
ups who had this idea of spreading a pretend novel virus so they could make
money off their vaccines their mRNA technology it could have happened yes
I'm not disagreeing with that and so they lie about how they how we are
inoculated they lie about how vaccines work they lie about how our immune system
works so I'm on board with that okay so the the issue that I guess we're
clashing about is where the the augmentation or instruction education of
the immune system happens or is needs to happen with regards to measles small
pox any viral any viral engine yeah I don't want to get confrontational here
this is like you have your thoughts and that's fine I have my thoughts and we're
just trying to share so this is what I think about measles I've heard from
plenty of people that their childhood measles and had it again now if somebody
gets a measles blister and they get infected with measles and that little
skin cell that died what I'm saying is how did that skin cell that died how did
it train the other skin cells how to train the other skin cells to not die
not to better fight it off next time if it died what I'm saying is in science you
if you break it down to the actual you have to have a connection for
everything from cause to effect if you say this is what I think I think measles
is a attacks skin cells that are fast growing and adults don't grow nearly as
fast so then they're not going to blister like that and you know they're not
gonna have past papules and have red lesions and then it won't happen but
younger kids their skin cells are growing really fast and clearly not all
their skin cells got in you know even if they got infected they didn't all just
die there were some really fast growing skin skin cells that couldn't handle it
and then they died but if they did die I'm saying how did they train the other
cells to fight it off next time and see this is what science says you have to
break it down step by step you can't just skip steps it's not fair to so to
believe that you got got needs of measles and you won't get it again I'm
saying well I don't know for sure if that's true or not because I've heard of
plenty of cases where they got measles twice so I I do have a general problem
with training and you do like tea cells that are trained and I you've studied
that area a lot more than I have so it I'm not going to disagree with you on all
that I'm just saying that in the case of measles if I have a viable theory on why
it presents early and then present so much the next time maybe it's because
skin cells are growing slower as you would grow older so you know when they
have an observation and they are pretty sure that there was training involved
I'm not I'm saying that it's not always training now in your gut case it could
be very very different I have even looked at that every I don't remember what a
pirate's patch was Jay but I am saying for the things that I thought about I've
seen I've come up with other hypotheses for the the explanation that differs
from them saying that it was training involved so I think we agree with all
things we definitely do and I'm not I'm just I'm really fired up right now
about about where we are okay it's okay Jay and you know I can tell that you are
and I'm okay with that and I think that you were trying to bring across the
fact that you don't like the way the government lied to us about this and I
believe that they could lie about all sorts of things like you and then they
had a different motivation and you're saying you discover all sorts of things
well I have and it is it is three years of teaching this stuff so I've been
teaching a couple things for about two years now that you're the years you still
haven't really heard or come upon yet and one of them kind of goes back to this
fundamental principle of how RNA works and you've already laid out in spades the
idea that RNA can't just willy-nilly go wherever it wants to and do whatever it
wants to we have lots of control mechanisms for that I wonder if you're
aware of the idea that when DNA is copied there are several enzymes that proof
read it and because it's a double-stranded molecule you have two chances
to proof read it and when you replicate RNA this isn't the case yeah it's not
it's not as the fidelity is not nearly yeah so in reality why viruses never
grew bigger than viruses right yeah the reason why you can't really culture
viruses for very long and certainly not in in perpetuity is because of this so
you know are you aware that the way that they overcame this in the 80s was to
make a DNA clone of the RNA sequence that they found in in the wild I didn't
know that but that makes sense so what they would do is they would take this
sequence that they found in a bat asshole and they would remake it into a cDNA
and grow it in large quantities in a bacteria and then add a commercial
RNase and then now they have a bottle of pure RNA virus RNA that's all one
molecule and then they use that on their cell cultures they use that to send to
their friends they use that to upload to the database and they regenerate that
whenever they want to start with SARS or BAN-E sure so what I'm
suggesting to you is that there is no RNA molecule on the planet that can be
spilled on one place in the planet and then perpetually take itself around the
planet for three years not even for six months the only thing that can do that
is an infectious clone where you have sufficient purity and sufficient
quantity of a replicating RNA so that even though it makes mistakes that same
sequence still shows up wherever you do it and it's I mean there are other
arguments right I could make it one just off the top of my head that of all the
millions billions trillions of copies the ones that are copied correctly there's
a lot of them that are copied wrong the ones that are copied correctly and still
have everything that they need to replicate and attach to a cell those are
the ones that keep going so you know you can you can have a kid copy letters and
just pick out the good ones and if you just pick out the good ones it'll still
be transferred very well but mathematically that's not how it works Joe
when you when you're copying RNA in a cell you can do the math in your head
because you've shown us many times in this talk you can do the math in your
head there's one molecule and you copy it and when you copy it you make three
errors because it makes a minimum of one error every 10,000 bases now you have
two copies in the cell one is the original and one's got three errors now
the RNA dependent polymerase has to copy one of those two if it copies the
original now you're gonna have two with three errors and one original and so as
this goes on the RNA polymerase is never going to choose the original strand
again and in reality this goes out the window very quickly in any any biological
system they've ever said hey Jay would you just said there the fact is there are
any viruses 30,000 nucleotides long based on what you just said there should be
no RNA virus even around because they've all mutated themselves death there
aren't the fact is there aren't oh you don't believe in RNA viruses well there
are RNA viruses but they aren't trackable like they say they're trackable do you
know how many sequences of human coronaviruses there were available on
the internet in 2019 49 okay so you're just saying there's a lot of
variations a lot of mutations of them right I'm saying that yes none of them
are trackable because they all use one enzyme and that's it yes yeah yeah but
the fact is they are here right now but they are a background signal that has
always been there always causing disease always inflaming our lungs and
always always causing secondary pneumonia and this this year we just
decided this year we just decided we're gonna tell all the doctors that this
normal phenomenon is now characterizable by a special PCR test is
sequenced by a 99 primer set sequencing reaction and is untreatable by antibiotics
and is it for my son of course I think they're being idiotic I'm on board with
you today but then we got we get all the way to the stage here though when when
now they're lied they lied about a pandemic there was no pandemic I kind of
have to agree with you that well okay there was just a natural phenomenon that
they conflated and with with careful destruction of all the hospital
protocols wherever they could influence it with finances and I'm
completely believe completely believe that hospitals would do all that yes
they did yeah yes they did and so I really need people to understand that the
immunology was a lie the virology is exaggerated the fidelity of the
virology is exaggerated and the mechanistic effectiveness of their
cure is completely bullshit I agree with you these three things need to get out
there you have the mechanistic bullshit down to a science and I think you're a
really good presenter of it I think John Bodewin has all the deaths and the
causes nailed I think Denny Rancor can explain to the world why there was no
excess mortality where there should have been when there was a novel cause of
death suddenly which there wasn't the novel cause of death was I see cause or
disagreement because there are certain things I was saying that you didn't like
because you thought that it matched what the government was saying yes exactly
and that's okay that that's why we have this conversation though man I don't
mean to do that because you're talking all day long to people I'm not it's my
my chat was defending you so as I was attacking you my chat was saying no no
it's not what he means so don't worry about it wasn't it wasn't what I meant
yeah but I see why I could have irritated you because it sounded like I was
agreeing with it no I'm not I mean I agree there's what okay but can I get to
the yes string theory yes so have you read up on it all on what on the
string theory what string theory you mean physics no no my string theory oh
no I have not no sorry I didn't know what you were saying good this is great
but this is a new stuff oh all right on are you getting a whiteboard out yeah
I love doing this with you because you understand I mean you sometimes know
a lot more than I do about certain areas so it's I you know I focus on
fundamentals and mechanisms and the politics part I'm not nearly as heavily
involved as you are right so I'm gonna get some of the language wrong but okay
so the string theory so when you get a covid infection doesn't show very well
okay so covid infection you have spike on the virus you're going to form
antibodies to the top right but when you are given a this isn't this is just a
representation when you are given free spike you can form antibodies to the top
to the bottom to the side because the spike antigen has multiple antigenic
sites so now it's even worse I can't wait to add to this keep going now you
have a person who have who has an antibody to the bottom and he has an
antibody to the top and you now you give them a booster three months later you
give them a booster this is what happens there's only three components you have
an antibody to the top to the bottom I mean let me let me do it like that
antibody to the anybody magnet I can't believe it you have the spike now the
bottom is visible the antibody sticks to that oh here he goes here he goes I see
clotting oh my god you saw it now the other arm right now the top is
visible right now is it going to stop no this is also what
secret bhakti said this is a disaster indeed it's just a giant matrix of
shit so this is what I call the strain theory yes because in a natural
infection you're not going to form antibodies to the bottom and so even if
it does form the body you can't have one antibody bind to two virus particles
because the virus is too big but when the antigen is smaller you can have the
antigen act as glue to the slightly different antibodies because you can
have different populations of antibodies that form now the amazing thing about
this day you've never you haven't read it before right no so you see what happens
with this half the vaccines on earth their main effect is to form long strands
of antibodies and then you'll get a mesh work and then once you have this mesh
work platelets that caught in it every fc region you know activates fc receptors on
a platelet oh you really like this and then half the vaccines on earth have
this exact same issue so children before the their age of four have 20 booster vaccines
ten of those can replicate the scenario if you form this mesh work of antibodies
and antigen in a child in a blood vessel that goes through amygdala part of the brain that
controls rage and memory and emotional responses you're going to have a personality
change and that's your autism and all of a sudden death LeBron James's son had a heart attack
all these young people all these middle-aged people falling over dead clots my brother
his second Pfizer dose two weeks one or two three weeks later he has the antibodies in his blood
you give the antigen the antigen is going to act as glue to the different antibodies
now i call this the main effect because
this antibody that you formed from the first vaccine the chances of it sticking to a virus is
you may never face the virus you may never be exposed it's certainly the virus may never get
in your blood that's for sure it could be one in a billion right the chances could of this antibody
sticking to a virus could be one in billion but i'll be really fair and give them a one in ten
thousand chance but the antibody that you produced from the first vaccine sticking to the spike that
was produced from the second vaccine it's almost guaranteed isn't it but it's the main effect
it's not a side effect you know in science when in medicine when we talk about side effects we are
like the particular biochemistry of this particular individual slightly different
is they make series that they're one bizarrely slightly different for whatever reason
it's unusual but this person happened to have a side effect from this medication that we
normally never expect it to happen but in this case i show that this booster vaccine
is guaranteed to cause chains of alternating antibodies and the science that i use here
there's no preservative there's no contamination there's nothing in it that starts this whole process
then they're i start from this their antigen i don't need anything else and i only use their
best science that an antigen will create antibodies
that antibodies will stick to their antigen i used nothing else but that yep to show that the
main effect are long chains of antibodies and it's just like the bottom of a bathtub drain
hair will clog it strands of antibodies in your body will clog your blood vessels
and so i put up a journal of immunology chief editor dr. Eugene notes for seven days i had this on his ex-account
he never responded because there is no rebuttal possible
can you imagine is there anything that they can say no there isn't and really
um it's it's it's this this um this problem that you've outlined here is actually compounded by
this idea of linked recognition which i understand that we were kind of arguing about before but
in my understanding of the immune system T cells are presented antigens in in the scenario
where they're presented something and the antigens that they are presented are presented to them by
antigen presenting cells in a separate yeah in a separate line there are antigens from the
infection or from the invader which are circulating in the lymph and those antigens can be detected
by a B cell that has a B cell receptor that fits them if the B cell receptor recognizes
something in circulation it will take it in and it will process it and it will present
antigens of that sorry epitopes of that antigen on the outside and it requires an activated T cell
that that recognizes one of those epitopes to tell that B cell to produce the antibody
that it recognized the original epitope now what's cool about this
or not cool what's really awful about this is that when you transfect someone with the spike
protein the only activated T cells that are active can be activated by antigen presenting
cells presenting the spike they won't present anything else there are 31 other proteins that
they could potentially present but they won't present anything else because the only thing
available is the spike which means that all of these nonspecific antibodies are not nonspecific
but non neutralizing or non good antibodies will all be driven by linked recognition
to produce high quantities of their of their load whereas in a real infection the T cell help
for all of those different antibodies wouldn't have been it would have only been there for
a couple of those so you're saying with the vaccine that only the antigen you have to have
more production of antibodies yeah you get way more production because they're it can produce
all the antibodies that they want to all the antibodies could be linked but exactly that
absolutely and there's a there's a feedback loop that prevents this overproduction of antibodies
when a real infection occurs if it won't happen with a transfection it's completely not there at
so your mechanism is crazy because it's real and it's way beyond with a transfection
and it affects half the vaccines on earth yeah so the american academy of pediatrics
their ex-account i posted something eight days ago all this whole diagram everything
maybe 200 posts and i explained to them if you're really interested in the health of children
i outlined in a mechanism so tight that it's actually not a side of it it's the main effect
clots are the main effect how big they get is a different issue but every booster vaccine will
cause clots and you didn't know this so you don't have responsibility nearly as bad but the moment
you're informed of this it doesn't matter if it's hypotheses because you know do you think they
get away with it because they spread these shots out in kids enough whereas with these
govig shots they put them like six months behind no it was if you look at the pediatric
vaccination schedule three months apart oh yeah sorry those are that's true yeah that's right
yes but agreed if it's further apart you're much less likely to have a problem right
unless you produce so much that you still like if this spike antigen doesn't degrade in a month
and you've produced all these antibodies and you have the spike antigen like the j-j
had clots right so why did they have clots they had clots because they had the antigen
and they had the antibodies for a long time i think i think the j-j produced a lot of spike
to me the hepatitis B is a great example of this because you know it hepatitis B
viruses really kill the liver cell it's not conservative sideopathic but it produces it
makes us up through so much surface antigen we follow hepatitis B by how much surface antigen
there is and then a hepatitis B surface antigen same story so everyone says the immune system
causes damage from hepatitis B well they never explain how this is how they're doing it
and so why do you get kidney damage with hepatitis B because you're getting mesh works of antibodies
that can't be cleared very well by the red blood cell explain system
they mean complex can't be cleared because they're too big and they're clotting off areas
and you know the kidney tube also all this gets concentrated and it just gets stuck
and you're destroying kidney function so i would imagine that with with covid all the weird bizarre
side effects you're damaging based on flow you're reducing the flow with all the you know every fc
region can activate platelet fc receptors when the antibody has bound to the antigen
so you got this mesh of mesh work of mesh work of antibodies change and you know IgM comes into
play too right because IgM has five IgG but and they can get clumped together and you can just
have this snowball and i said to the American Academy of Pediatrics you need to call for an
immediate halt to half the vaccines on earth because you didn't know about this
i i think it's brilliant i think it's really brilliant and it's true i i think that there's
a very high likelihood that it's true that this that jay that we are you're one of the
four scientists i know can you think of an out for them a rebuttal no i mean i i'm i'm with you
100 there's this is a real big problem and it comes right back to where you started which is
this this horrible premise that antibodies are primal to our immune response and they're just not
it's extraordinary though because where i i hinted about at the beginning of the of the
of the interview is that you might not be aware but in the beginning of the pandemic there was a
huge supreme court case which went through which basically changed the intellectual property
space around antibodies and before the pandemic it was pretty easy to make a patent on a monoclonal
antibody and after this supreme court decision it's almost impossible the way that you used to do it
so it's pretty crazy because using an mRNA to produce antibodies avoids that whole antibody
patent problem you're saying it's a money game yes and even worse there is a company in
canada that seems to be poised to use mRNA to just make the antibody directly and they'll just make
the liver cells make antibodies for covid and for rsv and for flu and that's going to be the new way
that they use mRNA to again augment the immune system but they're going to use antibodies for
all of it and it's pretty extraordinary because they then can bypass this whole patent issue with
monoclonal antibodies is that to find it and then code it in an mRNA and express it in people and
now there's a patent on the mRNA instead of on the colon antibody i see it's really extraordinary
because peter teal is invested in that company before the pandemic and some really interesting
all this down wow we tracked a lot of it down um it's really mark kulak actually of usetonic
live that did a lot of the legwork on this but the biology has been peeling back since 2020 since
you and mike eden and so many other people have been out in front of this ridiculous illusion that
antibodies are are a measure of immunity an indicator of immunity and even uh the only thing you need
for immunity which i think we all agree now is obviously ridiculous but um the tv still says it
and the uh academy for pediatrics still says it and i think well amazingly you know it's been
eight days and they haven't taken down any of my posts oh okay and i am saying you need to call
for a halt to half the vaccines on earth and you know normally they would just take everything
down right but i mean you wouldn't have said this right you didn't say this before the pandemic
so the pandemic opened your eyes a little bit too of course yeah it's fabulous because it's the
same i mean i just found this about a month ago yeah yeah this one this one is like i call this
a vaccine slayer because how are they going to defend against this you know definitely i mean
the whole antibody cartoon is just devastating but this one is really good this is really
a linchpin um yeah it's really yeah you know they're going to always say you don't have peer
reviewed data published papers and i'm going to say the hypothesis is so tight can i ask you a
question did you did you say on twitter or somewhere else that you sent this to Robert F
Kennedy jr as well i didn't say this one no you no not this but the other stuff the early stuff the
first i did and did you have all of it did you have any talk with anyone there did anybody
who was it that said no do you know okay so what happened was
you know i after i reached out to the NIH CDC FDA like was getting nowhere i was getting
really depressed and so i finally started reaching out to anti-vax because i thought the proper
approach to all this was to you know stay in the science world and reach all the you know
the NIH FDA CDC directors and after a while i realized i'm not getting anywhere i couldn't
believe how many of them would just say no and it was just utterly shocking to me because
i'm giving you this the the problem and you guys are just walking away from this i even
remember talking to an epidemiologist who is a little bit helpful to me i said when i sent you
the information please email me back so i know you got the information
this is how they were they just were trying to run away from me right so when i and then i
started reaching out to other people and i remember reaching out to lots of other people
uh so it's not a ron johnson was in the news right because he's anti-vax
i reached out to the staff they loved my information i was making quite good headway
and we had phone calls set up and we talked a couple of times and it was really moving well
and i thought they were going to use it
oh you just pulled out your mic or something check your microphone you like pulled it out or
something how's that oh there you go so i i said why why wouldn't he use it and
and and then they said no we talked to our doctors and they said it's it's not an issue
tonight wow and you know who their doctors were
Malone, McCullough, and Corey yeah then then we just have to get ron johnson on the phone again
because he's listening to me now so yeah we have the opportunity to brief him with denny rancor
so we're going to use denny rancor's data your biology and mine and we're going to update him
in like less than three days oh you're you're you're connected yeah i am okay and we're going
to convince him because because i think he's convinceable he's just oh you know you know how
strong this is i do this is correct so then you know they they didn't help me back then and i only
had the lung barrier issue back then the fasting which to me was huge still but they didn't they
didn't want to listen i didn't know that they were behind ron johnson staff not working with me i
had no idea and then i reached out to rfk you know i'd been working by myself for two and a half years
and when i reached out to rfk and he responded i was so happy because i talked to his attorney
because the best way to get to these people is their attorneys have their cell phones or their
office phones so i felt that top 10 he gave me two minutes i spilled it sent them all the
information his attorney must have been impressed enough to afford it to rfk that day rfk was impressed
enough to send it to all his doctors 10 12 people three hours later no one moves that fast
so i knew he he he felt this was something and then they beat me up for a couple days and i didn't
know anyone i didn't recognize anyone but nasa i gave her a nickname nasty nasa and melone i didn't
normal color time i didn't occur in the time and by the end of our emails back and forth
i basically said what the fuck is wrong with you guys wow because i if you're anti-vax there's no
paper trail on earth there's no one i'm giving you with copyrights everything well documented
73 pages of that to foul cheat with the reply from dr. milling i got great paid information
and great science kind of and you guys are going to turn this way i have no idea who you are and
that was my first realization that maybe anti-vax leaders had another agenda so then i didn't do
anything i was just depressed because the happiest day was when i got through to rfk and then i'm
and then you know i was miserable and dark it was just bad for about a month i did nothing
a few months later you know i had back surgery and i like somebody said oh you need to go on
twitter because you'll grow big so i on october 22 last last october i got on twitter got no
headway for two three weeks and then i wrote this big threat about fauci covering up the biggest
mistaken medicine i got ten thousand dollars in a day and i grew to like 45 000 and rfk was
constantly in the picture meaning david white side is his totally his grandson and he is a
podcaster and he want to do a podcast with me i had like a lot of podcasts back then i did one
with you two and yours was by far the best and you know he wouldn't get back to me first first we
scheduled then it was and then the emails dropped off david white side and i found that somebody
told me oh i think that's because rfk's grandson maybe they had something to do with it and so i
got annoyed my emailed children's health defense directly and i said what the hell is going on
and they emailed me back and said uh rfk junior is off the grid he went off to write a book he
doesn't take any so everyone goes nothing i'm like really so i felt like he was avoiding me because
if my stuff does grow big then the issue for him would be he had declined it he'd rather not
purpose not have been he'd rather no no that he declined my information so he's trying to avoid
me not talk to me ever and so you know what then i found out mccaller and melon
you guys just meant you guys are pretty big on twitter you guys have to help me but you were
through you're the guys that rejected me with rfk and then later i found out there are the ones
that reject made center ron johnson staff reject my information and i'm like oh you guys rassels
so i nicknamed melon moron melon and mccaller seemed a nice enough guy so i gave him a
but chicken you know he's even a little timid and not aggressive but dark because look
if you're in front of the teeth in front of you want to show and you're talking about all these
horrible side effects people are having a code with the code vaccine but you had information that
was incredible that could have stopped the vaccine in his tracks with the analyte not getting into
the lung documented in 73 pages with replies from dr fauci and you're not going to use this
information that maybe you were helping fauci cover up the biggest mistake in medicine
that's mccaller and melon and gory and see nasty nast see when i saw her on that email with rfk
i had already talked to her a month or two before and she was a again clueless woman didn't know
what adult noise and i was very polite and explained everything and she said no it's not
important and i say you know she said no i don't think any of this important and she rejected everything
so when rfk forwarded all this information and i saw her name and melon you know melon is a scientist
and he's the scientist in the group right he's not as part of you but so i thought melon would
listen and so that's why i nicknamed him moron because like i gave you the best science right now
and you are going to pretend you don't even know it or are you gonna are you gonna pretend you didn't
read it i want to i want to just i want to just interrupt to make sure that you understand that
at the time that you would have sent this to rfk uh meryl nast and rober melon were his most trusted
people for the pandemic like i would go so far as to say that what basically happened was
the story that i know was that meryl and and mary holland went to melon's ranch
stayed two nights and left convinced that melon was a completely good guy who didn't know about the
wf and who was just a horse farmer who was destroying his career to speak out and so at this stage
roberts still sorry bobby still thought rober melon was a hero and his most trusted advisor
meryl nast and mary holland were telling him that so when they ran this science past meryl and
and bah and rober melon and they said this is dumb bobby was going to say yes because bobby isn't as
sophisticated on the biological side as them and so he trusted them with his
with everything at that stage in 2012 i'm never going to give uh i i've never but you know
so a late person but now but i'm just saying now i'm a staff scientist at chd and so there's a
difference and i can get you on on on okay a late person does have a responsibility so rfk is a
late person yes doesn't have a responsibility that a melon or that that's so stupid i don't even
know if she has a responsibility because she's so dumb but she's still a doctor right and she
act like she knew what she was doing that's still a problem for her but she's been she's been one of
the foremost experts on anthrax and other bioterrorism since her career started so yeah when i talked
or i could not believe she dismissed everything she didn't even ask me any questions and you know
normally when people are i i just felt like it as an anti-vax person that was my first exposure
to the leaders and so when i got on twitter i was a little angry and then you know j about
charia i had emailed him all my stuff many times stanford so i knew who he was he wrote the great
barrington declaration and he kept ignoring me and i was in a hurry because everywhere i went i
would be canceled in two or three months and i didn't think i'd be on twitter very long so i was in a
real hurry and rush to get all this out and she uh you know j by charia would never
i finally ended up calling him a dumb fuck because i said look you're either dumb if you don't
understand this or you're a fuck because you're putting your ego before toran's lives so i mean
that didn't help my case i got suspended a few times but so one by one i went through these guys
and of course they all started hating me but i'm like look if you're an anthrax leader
you have a certain responsibility your responsibility is to use the best
science to get rid of the vaccine to stop the vaccine and if you think your science is better
you have to debate me because i have incredible science and if you don't want to debate me we
have to figure out what your motivations are because it's not for the people so yeah i made
a lot of enemies that way but at the end of the day i don't i'm just trying to do the right thing
just get the information out stop the stupid vaccine and of course in the process now i
realize all vaccines are idiotic i didn't know this at the beginning of the pandemic right
my kids are back in 2020 they got all their vaccines not that not that i was happy with it
but they got all their vaccines when they were young and i remember the last time i went my
son was what for right there three vials on the table and i'm like no i told you two at a time
never more than two why are there three but pick them up they're all combos he was going to give
my son eight vaccines in one day i just stormed out of there but see i don't trust pediatricians
now right yeah and i i'm very happy with the american pediatrics right now because
if you're really stating that you're looking out for the health of children i have damning
information for your booster vaccines and you have to do the right thing so let's see if they do the
right thing if they if they do block me and delete all my posts that's woofle misconduct now
because even if this is only a hypothesis i say you know if i throw a banana off my roof
my hypothesis is that it'll fall on flat i've never done a clinical trial don't have any peer
reviews to say that happens but i'm sure that'll happen and that's kind of what this is the size
behind this is so tight there is no room for rebuttal the only option is call for a halt for
all booster vaccines with antigens that fit this criteria that's the only option they have no other
option i kept telling them look it's nightmare for you but the bigger nightmare is for parents
who have to live with their autistic children forever so if you're really interested in the
health of your of the children you say you are you have to do the right thing because once you
if you block me or delete all these posts parents have a right to know this information because
it's a hypothesis and hasn't been studied but the size is so tight behind it there's no rebuttal
possible and if you want to study it the parents are still going to want to know this information
even if it's being studied because this isn't it's so damning for you that even if it's only
hypotheses you have to let them know that this is an issue that we're investigating now
and once a parent hears from me what the booster vaccines can do and i explain this string not
one will ever let their child be vaccinated so what is the proper informed consent to give them
this hypothesis if you don't willful misconduct then does a prep act really give you legal immunity
no but not if it's wolf not if you're wolf way doing something wrong
how can you possibly think that you can give a parent informed consent when i bring out the
string theory which is damning for your industry it's scary for them would you do a podcast with
brian hooker you know who brian hooker is i know brian hooker is uh they should i'll do anything
you want to he's the chief scientist at uh children's health defense he has a 24-year-old autistic son
and he's the guy who broke the story with the cdc covering up data on black kids with
he when he sees this when he sees us he's going to be fuming man yes you're going to be on his
show very soon i am sure i am going to make that happen um okay so the other thing that i'm
going to promise that i'm going to do is i'm going to make some slides of your of this lecture
as part of the ron johnson update and i would like to run them past you first so you got to give me
a couple days but then we'll do it you know in a jay for everything about rfk i know he's a lay
person so he doesn't get nearly the responsibility that all the doctors do no and i don't give it to
him either but i will say to you that that we need to have him understand this so that he will say
this we do okay because right now he still plays this game where he says you know i want the vaccines
tested and there was no placebos when he really should be saying we know enough now
and we need to reevaluate so i think we can push and i think we should and i think we should do it
together i love it jay um i hope you don't feel uncomfortable with how this went because i love
talking to you i love getting excited about it and you challenged me like nobody else does
so i want you to have a strong mind you have a right and i i understand where the disagreement
came from it was the the political language that you didn't like the way he said it i didn't mean
that it's all good i told you i'm very very this this uh white boy i'm i'm impressed with your
magnets i love them i'm excited um i think it's a good place to wrap but i don't want this to i
love a day to be uh a thing that we stop i think we should have you on more often like regularly
especially if you're not doing anything else but in the meantime i want to get you on brian's
podcast because it gets a lot more coverage and and you'll be there too right uh maybe but i
brian doesn't buy himself but if not he's great brian's great so i don't know what to do you
don't need for a couple of days where to help okay where do i um where do i uh send everybody just
to twitter jolly md uh basic i send her one i think i read my other account yes that's right okay good
i'll put that up in a second thank you for taking the time and rearranging your schedule to talk
to me thank you jay use that microphone all the time your voice sounds great all right i will
bye bye bye holy balls did we just crush that or what did we just crush that or what
you see the thing is is you got to be able to push you got to be able to push back you got to know
enough immunology so you can have a discussion where there's some friction so that in the end
both blades are sharper and that's what happened tonight i didn't get everything right he pushed
back hard on whether there needs to be memory or not pushed back hard what mechanisms we're
clearing the virus with he pushed back hard and that resulted in both of us understanding this
idea and the concepts that we're trying to push better so what more can i say thanks jolly for coming
on the show thanks for being here everybody um i don't know what to say other than bang bang boom
you know we're just going to keep pushing this until we get it right until we get it done
mark usatonic has been absolutely crushing it in the past few days following up on some of the
things that i stumbled upon with regard to uh peter colas and antibodies and peter teal and
absolera and that's just started i think you can already anticipate that we're going to have regular
guy back on with mark and myself we're going to discuss the implications of his work and discoveries
with regard to antibodies the antibody paradox and all of this other stuff so i hope you can hear
that my lungs are as compromised as they are and so you understand why i sound terrible and why
it's sometimes hard for me to come on but we're just going to keep going until i'm dead so please
ladies and gentlemen i will see you again tomorrow night thanks for joining me thanks jolly again
share the stream please share it if you want to support you can but the best way to do it is to
share it on twitter and everywhere else we need this about there thanks guys
i just got it today i just came in the mail today i don't know if it's going to do anything for me
but i just came in the mail today
let's get them let's get a mark let's get a mark steady pressure baby steady pressure everybody
i love you man